Scripts folder and add_multiple_devices helper script (#51)
bondhome/bond-cli: scripts/README.md

# Scripts

Here you can find some useful scripts to automate tasks using the `bond-cli` tool.

## [add_multiple_devices.sh](add_multiple_devices.sh)

> A script to add multiple copies of the same device. Useful for testing.

Reviewer: The "copy" doesn't feel right...
```suggestion
A script to add multiple devices with the same template, location, and name prefix. Useful for testing.
```

### Usage
```
Usage: ./scripts/add_multiple_devices.sh --bondID ZXBL00000 --deviceName 'Test Device' --location 'Bedroom' --template RMS12 --quantity 10
        --bondID The ID of the Bond you want to create the new devices
        --deviceName The name of the device. This will be a prefix of the actual name. I.e: 'Test Device 1', 'Test Device 2'...
        --location Device Location (Bedroom, Living Room, etc.)
        --template The device template name to be created (RCF84, A1, etc.)
        --quantity The amount of devices that will be created
```

### Example
```bash
# On the repository root folder

> ./scripts/add_multiple_devices.sh --bondID ZPEA77140 --deviceName "Test Shade" --location "Testing" --template RMS12 --quantity 15

Reviewer: I believe it is safer to use "generic Bond IDs"
```suggestion
./scripts/add_multiple_devices.sh --bondID ZPEA12345 --deviceName "Test Shade" --location "Testing" --template RMS12 --quantity 15
```
